README.md, before:

## **66DaysOfData**

## Introduction

The #66DaysOfDataScience is a  challenge/Initiative by @Ken_Jee, A data scientist,  designed to help you create great data science learning habits. Along with the habits, you will be joining an incredible community where you can learn alongside and work with other like-minded people!

The challenge is simple, it only has two parts.
- Learn data science every day for 66 days straight. You should learn for minimum of 5 minutes per day.
- Share your progress on your social media platform of choice using #66DaysOfData

This has 3 benefits : 
- You create a habit of daily learning 
- You get used to sharing your work, something that can help you create many opportunities for yourself. 
- The community holds you accountable. This is often the missing piece for many people looking to learn new skills.<br/>


I will record the daily progress here for upcoming 66 days including today ! . Also I will share progress on my Linkedin . I am very Excited for the Journey :wink: 

### Day 1 
<br/>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>


<br/>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>

Commit message:

Day 1 - Updated
started the journey ...

README.md, after:

## **66DaysOfData**

## Introduction

The #66DaysOfDataScience is a  challenge/Initiative by @Ken_Jee, A data scientist,  designed to help you create great data science learning habits. Along with the habits, you will be joining an incredible community where you can learn alongside and work with other like-minded people!

The challenge is simple, it only has two parts.
- Learn data science every day for 66 days straight. You should learn for minimum of 5 minutes per day.
- Share your progress on your social media platform of choice using #66DaysOfData

This has 3 benefits : 
- You create a habit of daily learning 
- You get used to sharing your work, something that can help you create many opportunities for yourself. 
- The community holds you accountable. This is often the missing piece for many people looking to learn new skills.<br/>


I will record the daily progress here for upcoming 66 days including today ! . Also I will share progress on my Linkedin . I am very Excited for the Journey :wink: 

### Day 1 
<br/>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
Today I started by brushing up basic python programming skills and start learning two freuenctly used libraries in python which are,
- **NumPy** : A powerful scientific computing library
- **Pandas**: A library used for data manipulation and analysis 

If needed ,You can see the required Jupyter notebooks that I used in the folder **Jupyter Notebooks Used**.

<br/>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>
