Season_2 - Project Work/README.md, before:

## **66DaysOfData**
[`day 01`](#day-01)  [`day 02`](#day-02)  [`day 03`](#day-03)  [`day 04`](#day-04)  [`day 05`](#day-05)  [`day 06`](#day-06) 
[`day 07`](#day-07)  [`day 08`](#day-08)  [`day 09`](#day-09)  [`day 10`](#day-10)  [`day 11`](#day-11)  [`day 12`](#day-12) <br>
[`day 13`](#day-13)  [`day 14`](#day-14)  [`day 15`](#day-15)  [`day 16`](#day-16)  [`day 17`](#day-17)  [`day 18`](#day-18)
[`day 19`](#day-19)  

 
Now in next 66 days I have some plans related to project I am going to work on along with my friends.
TBH I don't know even we can make this project a success but it is always good to give it a shot . 

#### `Day 01` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we discussed how our project will look like what are our objective/expectations from this project and what we might require during this project. we are starting today by collecting some relevant data. 


#### `Day 02` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we compiled some data we had collected and search is still going on. we converted data in a csv file format with appropriate columns names and format. 


### `Day 03`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Trying out decision tree algorithm for our project . I am still figuring out how to make most out of DT algorithm. 


### `Day 04`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Started learning Open-CV which I will use in my project . 


### `Day 05`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Completed Basic Open-CV concepts using tutorials, and some online courses 
- Started working on a simple project to put new skills gained in test. The project is a paintingApp 


### `Day 06` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Almost completed paintingApp. Just some brushup required then I will upload that on github. 


### `Day 07` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- learned how to use mediapipe framework provided by Google to perform computer vision tasks and did some projects using that. 


### `Day 08` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today I attended workshop by NVIDIA on Fundamentals of deep learning . I always had problem in writing code for deep neural netowork models . today they made my concepts more clear.worth the time.


### `Day 09` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today I learned about parsing library 'argparser' in python . this is basically a library to create command line interface in python . [docs](https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#module-argparse)


### `Day 10` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today I attended 2nd and the last Workshop by NVIDIA on "Building Transformer Based- NLP applications". I always was afraid of words  like BERT, Transformer, etc. but today with help of this workshop i got atleast intuition about what nlp is about and i really find this workshop useful. I am now going to visit all their jupyter notebooks/ppts again as they had lot of things in there and I am sure if I understand each of them then I will become quite good at building and deploying nlp applications.   Surely I am now going to use NVIDIA Triton for deploying project that I and my team is currently working on as I know now how to do that (well , at least i have idea how to do this). 


### `Day 11` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- We found a new dataset which contains around 130+ diseases with symptoms . Now we are compiling this dataset and will keep only feature/symptoms which are relevent and also merge similar symptoms so model can give more accurate results. 


### `Day 12` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- made significant improvment on cleaning dataset. reduced no of symptoms from 400+ --> just 165 by creating whole new list of symptoms which are almost independent hence best suited for ML models. now we are required to map diseases to this new set of symptoms . 


### `Day 13` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- continued working on data preparation step .  additionaly for refresher completed `intro of ML` course on kaggle. 


### `Day 14` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Now we are done with collection of data (at least for now) and created a table with around 130+ diseases and around 200 symptoms created by us (as original symptoms name were very complex as not useful as it is). Now we will use this dataset for further use.


### `Day 15` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we checked `DecisionTreeClassifier` from sklearn to make prediction on our test data and it gives 100% accuracy on training and testing set . Now we will extend our model to consider more scenerios like impurity in data etc..  also will add more diseases to dataset wherever possible. 



### `Day 16` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we prepared basic layout of web-app using `dash framework` provided by `plotly`. also we updated the dataset by adding new diseases and corresponding descriptions, symptoms etc. Now we are ready with our dataset. Also discussed our plan of action for new few days. 

### `Day 17` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we wrote some code to generate options that user will select from and update function to generate new options after every iteration.  

### `Day 18`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we wrote some more code to generate relevent options (symptoms in our cases) and connected this feature to dash_app. in each iteration user see some symptoms and based on his/her selection new symptoms will be provided. logic behind selection of new symptoms is simple but elgant. hope if someone in future read this than will appreciate our effort.

### `Day 19`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we used the code we already had for RandomForestModel to predict diseases and designed pipeline structure for flow of data from app to code and code to app . 



### References/ Research Paper 
- [Disease prediction from various sources using ML](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3661426)
- [Disease prediction based on symptoms using classification](http://www.xajzkjdx.cn/gallery/306-april2020.pdf)
- [AI based Smart Doctor using decision tree algorithm](https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1808/1808.01884.pdf)

Commit message:

dataset updated + ML model connected to dash app

Season_2 - Project Work/README.md, after:

## **66DaysOfData**
[`day 01`](#day-01)  [`day 02`](#day-02)  [`day 03`](#day-03)  [`day 04`](#day-04)  [`day 05`](#day-05)  [`day 06`](#day-06) 
[`day 07`](#day-07)  [`day 08`](#day-08)  [`day 09`](#day-09)  [`day 10`](#day-10)  [`day 11`](#day-11)  [`day 12`](#day-12) <br>
[`day 13`](#day-13)  [`day 14`](#day-14)  [`day 15`](#day-15)  [`day 16`](#day-16)  [`day 17`](#day-17)  [`day 18`](#day-18)
[`day 19`](#day-19)  [`day 20`](#day-20)  


 
Now in next 66 days I have some plans related to project I am going to work on along with my friends.
TBH I don't know even we can make this project a success but it is always good to give it a shot . 

#### `Day 01` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we discussed how our project will look like what are our objective/expectations from this project and what we might require during this project. we are starting today by collecting some relevant data. 


#### `Day 02` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we compiled some data we had collected and search is still going on. we converted data in a csv file format with appropriate columns names and format. 


### `Day 03`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Trying out decision tree algorithm for our project . I am still figuring out how to make most out of DT algorithm. 


### `Day 04`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Started learning Open-CV which I will use in my project . 


### `Day 05`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Completed Basic Open-CV concepts using tutorials, and some online courses 
- Started working on a simple project to put new skills gained in test. The project is a paintingApp 


### `Day 06` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Almost completed paintingApp. Just some brushup required then I will upload that on github. 


### `Day 07` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- learned how to use mediapipe framework provided by Google to perform computer vision tasks and did some projects using that. 


### `Day 08` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today I attended workshop by NVIDIA on Fundamentals of deep learning . I always had problem in writing code for deep neural netowork models . today they made my concepts more clear.worth the time.


### `Day 09` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today I learned about parsing library 'argparser' in python . this is basically a library to create command line interface in python . [docs](https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#module-argparse)


### `Day 10` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today I attended 2nd and the last Workshop by NVIDIA on "Building Transformer Based- NLP applications". I always was afraid of words  like BERT, Transformer, etc. but today with help of this workshop i got atleast intuition about what nlp is about and i really find this workshop useful. I am now going to visit all their jupyter notebooks/ppts again as they had lot of things in there and I am sure if I understand each of them then I will become quite good at building and deploying nlp applications.   Surely I am now going to use NVIDIA Triton for deploying project that I and my team is currently working on as I know now how to do that (well , at least i have idea how to do this). 


### `Day 11` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- We found a new dataset which contains around 130+ diseases with symptoms . Now we are compiling this dataset and will keep only feature/symptoms which are relevent and also merge similar symptoms so model can give more accurate results. 


### `Day 12` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- made significant improvment on cleaning dataset. reduced no of symptoms from 400+ --> just 165 by creating whole new list of symptoms which are almost independent hence best suited for ML models. now we are required to map diseases to this new set of symptoms . 


### `Day 13` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- continued working on data preparation step .  additionaly for refresher completed `intro of ML` course on kaggle. 


### `Day 14` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Now we are done with collection of data (at least for now) and created a table with around 130+ diseases and around 200 symptoms created by us (as original symptoms name were very complex as not useful as it is). Now we will use this dataset for further use.


### `Day 15` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we checked `DecisionTreeClassifier` from sklearn to make prediction on our test data and it gives 100% accuracy on training and testing set . Now we will extend our model to consider more scenerios like impurity in data etc..  also will add more diseases to dataset wherever possible. 



### `Day 16` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we prepared basic layout of web-app using `dash framework` provided by `plotly`. also we updated the dataset by adding new diseases and corresponding descriptions, symptoms etc. Now we are ready with our dataset. Also discussed our plan of action for new few days. 

### `Day 17` 
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we wrote some code to generate options that user will select from and update function to generate new options after every iteration.  

### `Day 18`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we wrote some more code to generate relevent options (symptoms in our cases) and connected this feature to dash_app. in each iteration user see some symptoms and based on his/her selection new symptoms will be provided. logic behind selection of new symptoms is simple but elgant. hope if someone in future read this than will appreciate our effort.

### `Day 19`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Today we used the code we already had for RandomForestModel to predict diseases and designed pipeline structure for flow of data from app to code and code to app . 

### `Day 20`
[`Home`](#66DaysOfData)
- Finally we are done with basic prototype of app. The main problem with model right now is suggestion of relevent symptoms to user after he select few symptoms corresponding to his/her disease . I hope soon we will past this phase and then we will think about deployment of app. till then stay tuned!


### References/ Research Paper 
- [Disease prediction from various sources using ML](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3661426)
- [Disease prediction based on symptoms using classification](http://www.xajzkjdx.cn/gallery/306-april2020.pdf)
- [AI based Smart Doctor using decision tree algorithm](https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1808/1808.01884.pdf)
